feat(eslint-plugin): [no-invalid-void-type] add option to allow `this: void` (#2481)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-invalid-void-type.md

type AllowedVoidUnion = void | Ex.Mx.Tx<void>;
```

#### `allowAsThisParameter`

This option allows specifying a `this` parameter of a function to be `void` when set to `true`.

> TypeScript [recommends using this pattern](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html#this-parameters-in-callbacks) to explicitly label function types that do not use a this argument.

Author: So [I asked the team for clarification](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/issues/40704) and got confirmation that using a `this` **parameter** without the `this` **type** doesn't have significant performance impact. Would it be fine if I just say "typescript *uses* this pattern" instead of saying *recommends*?

> TypeScript [recommends using this pattern](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html#this-parameters-in-callbacks) to explicitly label function types that do not use a this argument.

Reviewer: yeah, I want to be careful with the docs. I've learned that some people treat stuff that's written in popular projects like this as a bible for what to do / what not to do.

When we were small, I used to rampantly push my own style and agenda, but as this has grown, I've tried to be less and less prescriptive. We are used by roughly ~44% of TS users.

Let's split the difference. Something like:

```
This pattern can be useful to explicitly label function types that do not use a `this` argument. [See the TypeScript docs for more information](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html#this-parameters-in-callbacks).
```

> TypeScript [recommends using this pattern](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html#this-parameters-in-callbacks) to explicitly label function types that do not use a this argument.

Author: I'm good with that.

```suggestion
This pattern can be useful to explicitly label function types that do not use a `this` argument. [See the TypeScript docs for more information](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html#this-parameters-in-callbacks).
```

> TypeScript [recommends using this pattern](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html#this-parameters-in-callbacks) to explicitly label function types that do not use a this argument.

Author: ok yeah I see it now, "recommends" means there will be people who blindly apply it to all their methods, got it.
